what is that might as well might smoke
Dragon Ball Z Raging Blast 2 fire quotes
a fire hose we got here is goteng I mean
sorry co Han vs. Vegeta until it's set
and Dragon Ball GT Goku defeated
freezing sale but what if Gohan went to
hell instead of Goku so you're gonna go
ahead and pick Gohan teen Gohan just
like this against cell that's gonna put
some logic into this fight no Gohan
cannot be both of them alright because
he I don't you can struggle with cell I
don't think Oakland could actually reach
hell to do the father-son Kamehameha
wave type thing where is Frieza there he
is come in final form now quartz you are
nowhere they want to come to place like
this where there's two-on-one I only did
one side of the fire because the two
people tag-team a one person they would
easily win let's do this but yeah I
don't go home would probably get beat I
mean he could probably take out Frieza
like any nothing's anybody take off
freeze as long as you got the Super
Saiyan Swagger than going don't a low do
you know I'll beat the crap out of you -
let's do this I see his moveset skills
list super my Cinco a GB Mirage Wow
Saints and unforgivable okay I might add
to go super saiyan - i mean cuz goin was
in his prime here I just like the fact
that he got so weak you know with school
stuff I just met him gokon kept training
how strong he would have gone either
breached Road
smash you kept training how good you
would have been if this your navel is
like they do it's my Cinco similar
warning shot II don't I figured oh my
Cinco is gonna miss oh well that was
right on point all right I mean
forgivable while since you were a child
okay you're just gonna oh why did I
couldn't even move out to sit there and
just look at him for a second you guys
know how like what he sees while since
team then okay pursue super Kamehameha
wave well that was easy I show a little
bit in the beginning since sales knocked
out now it's time for Lord Frieza I
don't think you're here to play I think
you're probably gonna get your butt
kicked
let's just be personally because I'm
going to wake you you manbearpig child
wow what kind of that actually is one of
his move freaking just leviton's go
super saiyan i think i picked up saying
to accidentally to get the triangle
button and the squirt buddy confused
yeah Super Saiyan 2 well what the heck
he works like that
well I did not see that coming wow I did
not know that took me something works
like that lies one of those things you
got to be like really up close to dude
mm I kind of like that they give him
kind of a good-looking interest I mean
Lucy says the word whoa okay that was
pretty cool if reason I had effect when
you get pimp slapped it illegally pimps
out you across the freaking screen
literally give it that good little
cutscene and then you get to come in
male wears pretty cool whoa-ohh
African cooking the dodged buttons the
frankly gaming saying I'm doing it God
you guys freaking okay babe
come here - that's all you can do when
they in freakin um what's it called
Raging Blast no I don't know what we
won't try to dodge this okay
father so Kamehameha wave ha you were my
dad and I accomplished together
boom baby I was gonna come over 9000
freaking laughs aw shucks man anyway
maybe have something we're gonna do it
again come on come on what you gonna do
come at me bro
dodge just boom oh you guys have to end
it with a super awesome make a chicken
attack mmm over 9000 and you go into the
deep blue well that is a guy turns more
drug mazi rage bunchy fight with garnet
Steve Millen sweet pea Amy or leaving
the comments layer guys god bless peace
and thanks for watching layer the banana
nation